Fix: Required prop with inputs (#767)
strapi/design-system: packages/strapi-design-system/src/Combobox/Combobox.stories.mdx

  </Story>
</Canvas>

### Error

> `Combobox` can display error. The error message is customizable and replace the description line below the writing area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Combobox` can display an error. The error message is customizable and replaces the description line below the input.
```

  </Story>
</Canvas>

### Creatable

> The creatable mode of `Combobox` allows to create a new option available as a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The creatable mode of `Combobox` allows the creation of new options.
```
